Supported Diets
Pricing
For Professionals
Sign Up
Already a member? Sign in
Put your diet on autopilot.

Eat This Much creates personalized meal plans based on your food preferences, budget, and schedule. Reach your diet and nutritional goals with our calorie calculator, weekly meal plans, grocery lists and more.

Create your meal plan right here in seconds
Preferred Diet
Anything
Keto
Mediterranean
Paleo
Vegan
Vegetarian
I want to eat
 calories

Not sure? Try our Calorie Calculator

in
1
2
3
4
5
6
 meals
 At least 90g Carbs
 At least 40g Fat
 At least 90g Protein

Want to set specific macro targets? Create a free account!

Generate

Eating smart has never been easier
Follow any eating style or create your own

You can customize popular eating styles like vegan and paleo to match your needs and preferences.

Reduce food waste

Planning ahead means less produce going bad in the fridge. Add what you already own to the virtual pantry and our algorithms will use it up with priority.

Take the anxiety out of picking what to eat

Make the important decisions ahead of time and on your own schedule. Then there's nothing to worry about when it's time to eat.

Automatic grocery lists

No more skipping meals because you're missing ingredients. Review your meals for the week and the grocery list automatically updates. Then get it delivered with our Instacart or AmazonFresh integration.

Create A Free Account →

Top Rated
Best Meal Planning App of 2025
4.7
Over 22,000 reviews
4.6
Over 10,100 reviews
What Our Users Say

"Eat This Much not only helps me hit my macros, but also makes sure I'm not eating the same bland thing every day. I've lost 35 lbs over the past year, and with ETM, I'm eating and performing better than ever."

Sam Konowich @samkonthemankon

"I found out about Eat This Much and lost 32 lbs in 6 months! Now I'm a fit over 50 female in amazing condition, and this site is what I refer to several times a day to ensure I eat properly and manage my macros."

Meg M., awesome ETM user

"After being diagnosed with sleep apnea and high blood pressure, I picked up this app and followed the nutrition plan religiously. Since then I've lost over 40lbs. I still have 20lbs or so to go before I get to where I really want to be, but I'm thankful for the life this app has helped me achieve."

Sam A., awesome ETM user

"I started tracking my weight in April when I was 184lbs. In May I signed up for Eat This Much and immediately appreciated being able to just cook the menu and not worry about what to have for dinner. By November I was down to 155lbs and I still use Eat This Much today!"

Ben Kutil, Product designer

Disclaimer: These are real testimonials, but we're required to tell you that results aren't guaranteed. Eat This Much is a tool for planning your meals, and your success will depend on adhering to your planned meals and nutrition goals. Only you can make yourself improve your diet, but we'll be here to help.

Eat This Much is not a substitute for professional medical advice. You should consult with a medical professional before making significant changes to your diet.

For Health & Fitness Professionals

Powerful, fast meal planning to level up your business.

Learn More

Browse Foods
Calorie Calculator
TDEE Calculator
Nutrient Glossary
Meal Planning Blog
Gift Codes
Resources
About Us
Press
For Affiliates
Privacy
DMCA
Terms of Service
Facebook
Instagram
Email
©2026 Eat This Much Inc.